elevate your toes reach down where do
you feel it it may surprise you but not
your hamstrings it's a nerve stretch so
you're more likely to feel it in your
back your calves or even tingles all
through the bottoms of your feet a lot
of the research on nerve stretching is
about nerve stretch injuries which are
devastating to both humans and animals
lots of sadistic studies like this one
have taken rabbits hind legs tied
weights to them and dropped them bam
nerve stretch injury herding rabbits
isn't really funny but what is funny is
some of these papers conclusions more
than 150 years of research has
demonstrated a stable and inherent
Duality the terribly destructive impact
of nerve stretch injuries as well as the
therapeutic benefits of nerve stretching
yet despite significant study the
precise border between safe and damaging
stretch remains an enigma the only thing
that remains an enigma is why anybody
would do heavyweight high-speed nerve
stretching your body has a compass that
tells you when you're taking it too far
it's called pain stay flexy